Add OSG 24 upgrade documentation (#214)
osg-htc/docs: docs/release/updating-to-osg-24.md

[OSG 24](release_series.md#series-overviews) (the *new series*) introduces support for the ARM architecture. Changes
required to upgrade from OSG 23 are relatively minor.

-   [Compute Entrypoints](../compute-element/htcondor-ce-overview.md) should be updated to OSG 24 as soon as possible.

-   [HTCondor pools](#updating-your-htcondor-hosts) and [access points](#updating-your-osg-access-point) should be
    updated to OSG 24 as soon as possible.

-   All other services (e.g., OSG Worker Node clients, Frontier Squids) should be updated to
    [OSG 24](#updating-the-osg-repositories) as soon as possible.

> Updating the OSG Repositories

Reviewer: Consider moving this section _below_ the component-specific instructions, so admins won't have to jump down and then jump back up. Otherwise, I think admins will update the repos before realizing that there are special instructions that apply to them.

Author: Added Prerequisites

-----------------------------

> !!! note
>     Before updating the OSG repository, be sure to turn off any OSG services. Consult the sections below
>     that match your situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Because configuration updates will be necessary, be sure to turn off any OSG services
    before updating them. Consult the sections below that match your situation.
```
and also move it before the 'yum update' command.  There is no need to turn off services just to update the repos.

Author: Moved

1.  Clean the yum cache:

        :::console
        root@host # yum clean all --enablerepo=*

1.  Disable to upcoming repository:

        :::console

>         yum-config-manager --disable osg-upcoming

Author: Just copied and pasted from what we had earlier. I agree. I'll remove this.
